Let us write a program for finding the greatest of three numbers.
I have three variables A, B and C.
See out enter three numbers, then C in A, B and C.
Then I'll write down the conditions here.
If A is greater than B as well as A is greater than C, then see out.
A.
A is greater.
LS If B is greater than C than C out b is greater and nl ls c out c is greater.
Here I am not writing the statement inside a block because it is single statement inside f or else.
So here the first condition is check.
If the condition is true, then it will execute this one.
If the condition is false, then it will jump on to this spot and checks the second condition.
If this is true, then it will print this one.
Otherwise it will jump on to L spot and display this one.
Let us run and see the program and enter two numbers, ten and three and four.
See, the greatest number is ten.
I'll run the program once again.
And the three numbers.
And then the numbers two, three and ten.
So ten will be displayed and that is C.
No.
One interesting thing we will see here, this program, how it is working.
I will show you by debugging this one.
So I'll put a breakpoint on this statement and run the program.
This is a breakpoint.
Just click here.
It will add a breakpoint to that statement.
If I run, it will run up to this line.
So let us see how it works.
If I say run, then it is asking for three numbers, so I'll give the numbers.
That is a three and four and ten.
Now it is in this particular line that is seen.
It is reading the input.
So once I enter input then it will enter into this line.
Now this has entered into debug mode.
This is the first breakpoint inside thread one.
So it has stopped here.
Now this is a debug window.
You can see here the watch which is showing the values of the variables.
A is three and B is four and C is ten.
If a Continuum seat has skipped the first if statement because the condition was false and has jumped
on to this one, it has not entered inside.
Even if I click these variables, it is showing the value of these variables.
Value of A is three, B is four.
So you can clearly see what is happening in the program with the help of debugger inside the debugging
mode.
Now I'll press f seven here.
Go to the next line.
See, now this condition also fails.
So it has entered into LS part and it is about to display this one.
It is on this line so it has not yet executed the line.
If I press f seven once again now it has finished this line and you can see that the output is ten here.
So that's how we can trace the program or debug the program step by step and see what is happening inside
the program.
But it stopped the program.